Blazor :meat_on_bone: RTM 8.0 (#31004)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/host-and-deploy/webassembly.md

  > [!IMPORTANT]
  > The Keep-Alive interval (<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.Client.HubConnection.KeepAliveInterval>) isn't directly related to the reconnection UI appearing. The Keep-Alive interval doesn't necessarily need to be changed. If the reconnection UI appearance issue is due to timeouts, the server timeout can be increased and the Keep-Alive interval can remain the same. The important consideration is that if you change the Keep-Alive interval, make sure that the timeout value is at least double the value of the Keep-Alive interval and that the Keep-Alive interval on the server matches the client setting.

>   When creating a hub connection in a component, set the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.Client.HubConnection.ServerTimeout> (default: 30 seconds) and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.Client.HubConnection.HandshakeTimeout> (default: 15 seconds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When creating a hub connection in a component, you can customize the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.Client.HubConnection.ServerTimeout> (default: 30 seconds) and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.Client.HubConnection.HandshakeTimeout> (default: 15 seconds) values as necessary.
```
